README.md, before:

# Twig
-----


## Problem Statement

Giving or receiving medical information in second language increases the risk of negative healthcare outcomes.


# Our Solution
Create a platform for volunteers to submit translation and/or verify existing translations in their native languages/dialects.


## User journey
As a user I can submit translation and/or verify existing translations of existing medical questions in their native languages/dialects.


## User stories
1- As a user I can register in the website.

2- As a user I can login to the website.

3- As a user I can edit my profile, so I can for example edit my profile photo, my personal details, my certifications.

4- As a user I can view groups of question based on speciality.

5- As a user I can submit text translation of a question.

6- As a user I can submit audio translation of a question.

7- As a user I can submit sign language video translation of a question.

8- As a user I can verify an existing translation of a question (by vote).



## Our Team 

1- Farah Zaqout (Team Manager)

2- Ibrahem AlShaikh Ali

3- Ali Haj Ahmed

4- Lubna Abd

Commit message:

update-readme-with-new-text relate #120

README.md, after:

# Twig: The Medical Database

## Problem Statement

Every day migrant, immigrant and refugee patients are an increasing feature in medical facilities throughout the world. Medical professionals are more commonly facing language barriers with these patients. Some try to communicate with patients in their second or third languages. Some patients go without translation. .


## Our Solution
Create a platform for volunteers to submit translation and/or verify existing translations in their native languages/dialects.


## User journey
As a user I can submit translation and/or verify existing translations of existing medical questions in their native languages/dialects.


## User stories
1- As a user I can register in the website.

2- As a user I can login to the website.

3- As a user I can view my profile.

4- As a user I can translation categories

5- As a user I can view groups of question based on speciality.

5- As a user I can view translations for a spacific question.

6- As a user I can submit text translation of a question.

7- As a user I can submit audio translation of a question.

8- As a user I can submit sign language video translation of a question.

9- As a user I can verify an existing translation of a question (by vote).


------
## Team 

1- Farah Zaqout (Team Manager)

2- Ibrahem AlShaikh Ali

3- Ali Haj Ahmed

4- Lubna Abd
